NAME                                  CPU(cores)   MEMORY(bytes)   
hello-world-c57f59b87-vfdnh           2m           20Mi            
blue-6b6b7cf74d-bzbsp                 1m           3Mi             
blue-6b6b7cf74d-p68cv                 1m           3Mi             
canary-v2-7b4d74dcb9-2tv6t            0m           3Mi             
green-6cf5bfcb78-97flj                1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-2xmzq   1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-d57n9   1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-9zr6h   1m           3Mi             
green-6cf5bfcb78-tzjpg                1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-hvq85   1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-z6mf4   1m           3Mi             
blue-6b6b7cf74d-6zpkn                 1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-lvhdf   1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-lj7wk   1m           3Mi             
green-6cf5bfcb78-hbn79                1m           3Mi             
canary-v2-7b4d74dcb9-zqddb            0m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-dg9fh   1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-qkt4t   1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-sf2mb   1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-29j5n   1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-88556   1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-xdbdg   1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-vstt5   1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-w95mf   1m           3Mi             
bloaty-mcbloatface-56bfff44df-lq6nn   1m           3Mi             
canary-v1-84676f5bb7-55v6m            0m           3Mi             
